Look, let me explain something to you. I'm not Mr. Lebowski. You're Mr. Lebowski. I'm the Dude. So that's what you call me. That, or His Dudeness … Duder … or El Duderino, if, you know, you're not into the whole brevity thing. (Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski)
Yeah, well, you know, that's just, like, your opinion, man. (Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski)
This is a very complicated case, Maude. You know, a lotta ins, lotta outs, lotta what-have-you's. (Jeffrey "The Dude" Lebowski)
Fuck it, Dude. Let's go bowling. (Walter Sobchak, The Big Lebowski)
Shut the fuck up, Donny. (Walter Sobchak, The Big Lebowski)
There's no money, there's no weed. It's all been replaced by a pile of corpses. (Tom; Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels)
Oi! Keep your fingers out of my soup! (Soap; Lock, Stock and Two Smoking Barrels)
You guys are pros. The best. I'm sure you can make it out of the casino. Of course, lest we forget, once you're out the front door, you're still in the middle of the fucking desert! (Reuben Tishkoff; Ocean's Eleven)
If you wake up at a different time, in a different place, could you wake up as a different person? (Fight Club)
I don't know what's the matter with people: they don't learn by understanding; they learn by some other way — by rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile! (Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! (1985))
von Neumann gave me an interesting idea: that you don't have to be responsible for the world that you're in. So I have developed a very powerful sense of social irresponsibility as a result of von Neumann's advice. It's made me a very happy man ever since. But it was von Neumann who put the seed in that grew into my active irresponsibility! (Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman! (1985))
There are no facts, only interpretations. (Friedrich Nietzsche)
I teach you the superman. Man is something to be surpassed. What have ye done to surpass man? (Thus Spoke Zarathustra)
What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not a goal. (Thus Spoke Zarathustra)
Luca Brasi held a gun to his head, and my father assured him that either his brains or his signature would be on the contract. That's a true story. (Michael Corleone)
This business is filled to the brim with unrealistic motherfuckers. Motherfuckers who think their ass will age like wine. If you mean it turns to vinegar...it does. If you mean it gets better with age...it don't. (Marsellus Wallace; Pulp Fiction)
I know kung-fu. (Neo)
Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony. (Morpheus)
What is real? How do you define real? If you're talking about what you can feel, what you can smell, what you can taste and see, then real is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain. (Morpheus)
I'm trying to free your mind, Neo. But I can only show you the door. You're the one that has to walk through it. (Morpheus)
They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom! (Braveheart, 1995)
If you let my daughter go now, that'll be the end of it. I will not look for you, I will not pursue you. But if you don't, I will look for you, I will find you, and I will kill you (Taken, 2008)
Chewie, we're home. (Star Wars Episode VII: The Force Awakens, 2015)
They call it a Royale with cheese. (Pulp Fiction, 1994)
Hasta la vista, baby. (Terminator 2, 1991)
I'm having an old friend for dinner. (The Silence of the Lambs, 1991)
Mama says, 'Stupid is as stupid does. (Forrest Gump, 1994)
Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. (The Godfather, Part II, 1974)
The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he didn't exist. (The Usual Suspects, 1995)
Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. (Back to the Future, 1985)
I love the smell of napalm in the morning. (Apocalypse Now, 1979)
Say hello to my little friend! (Scarface, 1983)
Houston, we have a problem. (Apollo 13, 1995)
Yippie-ki-yay, motherf—er! (Die Hard, 1988)
Why so serious? (The Dark Knight, 2008)
The first rule of Fight Club is: You do not talk about Fight Club. (Fight Club, 1999)
I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse. (The Godfather, 1972)
May the Force be with you.  (Star Wars, 1977)
